person enters the website by login in the main page.
now a box appears where he is either requested to login or sign up.
sign up :
	user enters name (not null)
				phone number (not null, numbers only)
				address (not null)
				class (not null, drop down)
				school (not null, drop down)
		as the person is done entering the information, we add it to the database giving a unique id and also attaching a shopping cart key to it
		doubt -> sould the otp given only once for verification? or each time during login process to check if same person is loging in
				if given only once, the password should be associated here as a key and the user needs to enter it on signup

login up :
	user enters phone number (not null, numbers only)
				passowrd (not null)
		if OTP is given each time during sign in, then we need to have a table for phone number and OTP, where we need to update OTP each time and then match with value entered by user.

View Profile :
	option to edit on the go. then we update the database accordingly
	
view products : 
	1. via school
	2. via student details

	1. via school 
		the user enter the school name and as soon as he finishes, the picture of the uniform appears with option for boy/girl in checkbox next to the picture
		also we shall have the check box for size below the picture.
		once the user has checked on all the required boxes, and clicked submit -> entry of transaction key is made next to his shopping cart key in a seperate table. 
		in the shopping cart, we enter 
									shirt id (each school has a shirt id associated with itself to identify the shirt worn by them)
									shirt size (null if not applicable) 
									shirt color (null if not applicable)
									same for rest garments...
									current flag = true (once we log out, we make current flag = false)
		for more transactions, more rows added wrt that shopping key with different transaction key.
	
	2. via student details
		the user enters the shirt size and color
			(what to do about the id column here???????????)
									